our expectation is to start playing
then the coach is no different from the
players is that soon comes to the game
to play, I guess after the
we are all anxious for that
resume the selection again play and then
now it's a lot of study work
accompanying European football
the newly started now pre season in
what conditions for players
if any player is feeling any
thing is not at its best
conditioning with few games like
people will be able to merge this
team how we will be able to train
a team despite being at the beginning but
knows the responsibility that Brazil
has in the play to win have to
play a good football a good performance
so be it is this anxiety that
challenge of getting a team together
competitive
I think our expectation is great, right?
the difficulty of the games against both
colombia against the equator to colombia
mainly because it made a great
world cup have the scorer of the
world has top players
has grown a lot in recent times with the
Argentine coach is not a discipline
tactical team that technically
We know it's very strong.
physically but with many players
playing in europe made colombia
improve as a team and this
demonstrated during the world cup then
12 friendly we are going to have a lot
difficulty but that is good too
the equator is a very strong team
physically with large players
who are also playing a lot
na na na europe so i think two
friends we'll have to have
a notion of what will be the tie
mainly and for us it is good to start
play soon never take away this anxiety
after the world cup we
You begin to put together a working group
group of players is all we know
we have to win the fans
Brazilian is to demonstrate a good
I work a good commitment and regain
again our space within the
world football and mainly
demonstrate the quality of football
Brazilian
I think every Brazilian dreams of being
soccer player and we are
a privileged group to be in the
Brazilian selection and mainly
I'm returning as a player as
coach now returning then we
You can not measure effort, you can not here.
work very hard with dedication
in our work and I think that 's what
more important to have a sense that
This is not an end point like me.
I talked to the boys of the U-20 that this
it is a starting point that is the dream not
It is for us hope it is for us
conquer and it is not a dream to play in
Brazilian Team
we have to be the dream of being
champions with the Brazilian team we
we have to leave our mark then
how we feel privileged
We have to do this because we deserve it.
every day at every moment and we are the
people come to the Brazilian team for 1
for a quality but has how to prove
this every day has to demonstrate the
our capacity is not
highlight the importance of representing the country
millions of Brazilians would like to
to be in our place we are
then chosen then to correspond in
field our work